Basic Rock, Paper Scissor game made for Odin Project Javascript foundation project.

Structure-
    -Html file for execution. No additional data stored in file because the came is played using the alert prompts

    -Js file for logic

    JS file uses the following functions to make the code work and be more readable
    - computerChoice() - to get a randomly generated choice

    - humanChoice() - to get human input and checks for invalid entries

    - round() - to play a single round and update the score based on the outcome

    - game() - to handle the overall game logic including- getting the number of rounds the user would like to play and displaying the final result

Logic-
    -Computer choice is generated by generating a random number between 0 and 2 and using it as an index to choose from the CHOICES array

    -Human choice is generated by accepting a prompt from a user and checking to see if it is a valid option. the input is converted to lowercase to make it case insensitive

    -For every game, number of turns is decided by the user input and re-prompts if the input is not an integer. 

    -Rounds are then played until the number of turns goes to 0 and score is updated each round by comparing humanChoice and computerChoice

    -a message is displayed at the end indicating a win, loss or a draw


Deviations-
There are a number of things where i did not follow TOP instructions to the T-
    -I decided to use an array with choices listed even though TOP said i wouldn't need them and they haven't been taught yet but it was easy enough to figure out and made the logic simpler.

    - The game is played using alert messages instead of command prompt because it removes the extra step of having to open developer tools and view the console. Also, from what i could look up, it is not easy in JS to accept an input from user using the console(unlike python). So, i had to get an input from the pop-up box anyways, so i figured, let's play the whole game using the popups. 

    - I used a while loop to keep the game going, even if a user inputs the wrong type of data even though TOP specifically said to ignore that problem. It was just a one line fix and saves the game from throwing an error just because some douche(mostly me) doesn't know how to read

    - Instead of keeping track of computer score and human score i just decided to keep track of one variable where negative score means the user is losing, positive means winning and 0 means draw